Class: Class is the logical entity. Class is a template or blueprint from which objects are created.
so object is the instance(result) of class. it can't be physical.

A class in java contains:

1. Fields
2.methods
3.constructors
4.blocks
5.nested class and interface


Object : Object is the logical and physical entity. An entity that has state and behviour is known as object.
like pen, chair etc.

A object has three characterstics.

1. State : represents data(value) of an object.
2. Behaviour: represents the behaviour(functionality) of an object such as deposit, withdraw etc.
3. identity: Object identity is typically implemented via a unique id.the value of the ID is not visible to
the external user. but its used internally by jvm to identify each object uniquely.

Example : Pen is an object, its name is reynolds, color is white etc.known as its state.it is used write, so writing is
its behaviour.

Three ways to initilize an object:
a. By reference variable
b. By method
c. By contructor

Different Ways to creat an object.

1.By new keyword
2.By newinstance() method
3.By clone() method
4.By deserilization
5.By factory method etc.

Anonymous object:

Anonymous means nameless.an object which has no refrence is known as anonymous object. it can be used at the time
of object creation only.



Instance variable: A variable is known as intance variable when its created inside the class but outside the
method. instance variable doesn't get memory at compile time. it gets memory at run time when object(instance) is
created.That's why its known as instance variable.

Methods is java: Its like function. Advantage of method are Code Reusability and Code Optimization.

new keyword: its used to allocate memory at run time.all objects memory in heap memory area.



Constructor: Constructor in java is a special type of method that is used to initilize the object.
java constructior is invoked at the time of object creation.

it constructos the values i.e provides data for the object that is why it is known as constructor.

Rules for creating java constructor:

1. Constructor must same as its class name
2. Constructor must have no explicit return type

Two types of constructor:
1. Defualt Constructor(no-argument constructor):
2. Parameterized Constructor

Difference between constructor and method in java.

Java Constructor : Constructor is used to initialize the state of an object
Java Method: Method is used to expose behaviour of an object

Java Constructor: Constrcutor must not have return type
Java Method : Method must have return type.

Jave Constructor: Constructor is invoked implicitly
Java Method: Method is invoked explicitly

Java Constructor: The java compiler provides a default constructor if you don't have any constructor
Java method: Method is not provided by compiler in any case

Java constructor: Constructor name must be same as the class name
Java Method: Method name may or may not be same as class name.


